  1  UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 

------------------------------------------------------------------------x      
        : 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, :  

        :   

                                     Plaintiff,  :  

        :  
- against -     : 16 Civ. 09130 (JMV) (JBC) 
        :   

JOSEPH TAUB, ELAZAR SHMALO, and   :   

SHAUN GREENWALD     : 

                              : 
Defendants.  : 
        : 

------------------------------------------------------------------------x 
  FINAL JUDGMENT AS TO 
DEFENDANT JOSEPH TAUB
  The Securities and Exchange Commission 
having filed a Complaint and Defendant Joseph Taub having entered a general appearance; consented to the Court™s jurisdiction over Defendant and the subject matter of this action;
 consented to entry of this Final Judgment; 
waived findings of fact and conclusions of law; and waived any right to appeal from this Final 
Judgment: 
I.  IT IS HEREBY ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that Defendant is 
permanently restrained and enjoin
ed from violating, directly or 
indirectly, Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the ﬁExchange Actﬂ) [15 U.S.C. § 78j(b)] and Rule 10b-5 

promulgated thereunder [17 C.F.R. § 240.10b-5], 
by using any means or instrumentality of 
interstate commerce, or of the ma
ils, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, in connection with the purchase or sale of any security: (a) to employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud; 
Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 1 of 6 PageID: 393  2  (b) to make any untrue statement of a material
 fact or to omit to state a material fact 
 necessary in order to make the statements
 made, in the light of the circumstances 
 under which they were ma
de, not misleading; or (c) to engage in any act, practice, or co
urse of business which operates or would  operate as a fraud or deceit upon any person. 
 IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice of this Fi
nal Judgment by personal service or
 otherwise:  (a) Defendant™s officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorney
s; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or with anyone described in (a).  II. 
 IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJ
UDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant 
is permanently restrained and enjoined from vi
olating Section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the ﬁSecurities Actﬂ) [15 U.S.C. § 77q(a)] in the offer or sale of any security by the use of any means or instruments of transportation or commun
ication in interstate co
mmerce or by use of the mails, directly or indirectly: 
(a) to employ any device, scheme, or artifice to defraud; 

(b) to obtain money or property by means of 
any untrue statement of a material fact 
 or any omission of a material fact nece
ssary in order to make the statements 
 made, in light of the circumstances unde
r which they were made, not misleading; 
 or 
 (c) to engage in any trans
action, practice, or course of business which operates or    would operate as a fraud 
or deceit upon the purchaser. Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 2 of 6 PageID: 394  3   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice of this Fi
nal Judgment by personal service or
 otherwise:  (a) Defendant™s officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorney
s; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or with anyone described in (a).  III. 
 IT IS HEREBY FURTHER ORDERED, ADJ
UDGED, AND DECREED that Defendant 
is permanently restrained and enjoined from violati
ng Section 9(a)(2) of the Exchange Act         [15 U.S.C. § 78i(a)(2)], directly or indirectly, by
 using the mails or any means or instrumentality 
of interstate commerce, or of any facility of any national securities exchange, to effect, alone or with one or more other persons, a series of transactions in any security other than a government 
security or in connection with any security-based swap agreement 
with respect to such security 
creating actual or apparent active 
trading in such security, or raising or depressing the price of such security, for the purpose of inducing the purchase or sale of such security by others.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice of this Fi
nal Judgment by personal service or
 otherwise:  (a) Defendant™s officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorney
s; and (b) other persons in active concert or 
participation with Defendant or with anyone described in (a). IV.  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that Defendant is 
permanently restrained and enjoined from direct
ly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, through any entity owned or controlled by Defendant, participating in the issuance, purchase, Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 3 of 6 PageID: 395  4  offer, or sale of any security listed on a national securities 
exchange, provided, however, that such injunction shall not prevent Defendant from
 purchasing or selling securities for his own personal account.   
 IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that, as provided in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 65(d)(2), the foregoing paragraph also binds the following who receive actual notice of this Fi
nal Judgment by personal service or
 otherwise:  (a) Defendant™s officers, agents, servants, employees, and attorney
s; and (b) other persons in active concert or participation with Defendant or with anyone described in (a). V. IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AN
D DECREED that Defendant is liable 
for disgorgement of $17,100,000.00, representing prof
its gained as a result of the conduct alleged in the Complaint.  In the event that an order of forfeiture is entered against Defendant in 

the criminal case before the United States Distri
ct Court for the District of New Jersey, titled 
United States v. Joseph Taub, Crim. No. 18-79 (D.N.J.) (the ﬁC
riminal Caseﬂ), then Defendant™s 
monetary obligations under this Judgment will be credited dollar for dollar by the amount of the 

forfeiture order.  The monetary obligations 
ordered by this Final Judgment shall become due 
thirty (30) days after entry of the Judgment of 
Conviction in the Criminal Case, or one (1) year 
from the date of the entry of this Final Judgment, whichever comes first. 
 Defendant may transmit payment ordered by this Final Judgment (minus any amount 
ordered in criminal forfeiture) electronically
 to the Commission, which will provide detailed 
ACH transfer/Fedwire instructions upon request.   Payment may also be made directly from a 
bank account via Pay.gov through the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ofm.htm
.  Defendant may also pay by certified check, bank cas
hier™s check, or United States postal money 
Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 4 of 6 PageID: 396  5  order payable to the Securities and Exchange Co
mmission, which shall be delivered or mailed to  
Enterprise Services Center 
Accounts Receivable Branch 

6500 South MacArthur Boulevard 
Oklahoma City, OK 73169 

  and shall be accompanied by a letter identifying 
the case title, civil acti
on number, and name of 
this Court; Joseph Taub as a defendant in this action; and specifying that payment is made 
pursuant to this Final Judgment.   
Defendant shall simultaneously transmit photocopies of evidence of payment and case 
identifying information to the Commission™s coun
sel in this action.  By making this payment, 
Defendant relinquishes all legal and equitable right, title, and interest in such funds and no part of the funds shall be returned to Defendant.  The Commission shall send the funds paid pursuant 
to this Final Judgment to the United States Treasury.   
The Commission may enforce the Court™s judg
ment for disgorgement by moving for civil 
contempt (and/or through other 
collection procedures authorized by law) at any time after 30 
days following entry of this Final Judgment.  De
fendant shall pay post judgment interest on any 
delinquent amounts pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1961.   
VI.    IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND DECREED that the Consent is 
incorporated herein with the same force and effect
 as if fully set forth herein, and that Defendant shall comply with all of 
the undertakings and agreements set forth therein. 
 VII.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED,
 ADJUDGED,
 AND DECREED that, for purposes of exceptions to discharge set forth in Section 523 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §523, the Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 5 of 6 PageID: 397 6 allegations in the complaint are true and admitted by Defendant, and further, any debt for 
disgorgement, prejudgment interest
, civil penalty or other amounts due by Defendant under this Final Judgment or any other judgment, order, 
consent order, decree or settlement agreement 
entered in connection with this proceeding, is a de
bt for the violation by Defendant of the federal securities laws or any regulation or order issued under such 
laws, as set forth in Section 523(a)(19) of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §523(a)(19). VIII. 
IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, ADJUDGED, AND 
DECREED that this Court shall retain 
jurisdiction of this matter for 
the purposes of enforcing the terms of this Final Judgment. 
IX.  There being no just reason for delay, pursuant to
 Rule 54(b
) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Clerk is ordered to enter this Final Judgment fort
hwith and without further notice. Dated:  , 2020 ____________________________________ UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE Case 2:16-cv-09130-JMV-JBC   Document 42   Filed 12/28/20   Page 6 of 6 PageID: 398